c:\users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\bin\Debug\semsterproject.exe.config
c:\users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\bin\Debug\semsterproject.exe
c:\users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\bin\Debug\semsterproject.pdb
c:\users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.Ok.resources
c:\users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.MainForm.resources
c:\users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.exe
c:\users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.pdb
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.Multiplechoice1.resources
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.signup.resources
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.addquestion.resources
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.Exam.resources
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.addpanel.resources
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.Studentlogin.resources
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.StudentRegisteration.resources
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.StudentExam.resources
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.score1.resources
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.Viewquestions.resources
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.deletequestion.resources
C:\Users\hamma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\semsterproject\semsterproject\obj\Debug\semsterproject.updatequestion.resources
